Hey guys, welcome to the obligatory course overview
lecture, where I very quickly overview the course.
Let's do this as fast as we can, so we
can actually get into the good stuff.
So, as you know, throughout this entire course, what
we're going to be doing is creating a real Instagram
account. and you can check it out by going
to instagram.com/innovationstation.
Some of you guys might have thought from the promo
that we would be making an account about a Husky,
and all I can say is I really wish that was the case.
Actually, we're going to do innovation and technology, not
nearly as cool as Huskies. The course sections are pretty
easy to follow.
First, we start talking about how to plan the idea for
your account, set up your account and optimize it,
then we go into how to plan a content strategy, what
works, what's popular and what you can pull off. Then
we'll do things like laying the groundwork,
we'll do some research into competitors, figure out
who we need to immediately start networking with,
then we'll create our first batch of content, I'll teach
you how to use a bunch of tools, and we'll design
a workflow around what we think
is going to fit our content strategy.
Then we'll move on to posting, writing captions, picking
hashtags, and optimizing the times that you post.
Then we'll set up successful growth habits, then we'll
learn how to do things like shoutouts, then bots,
then will move on to things like stories,
Instagram live, we'll do things like automated outreach,
we'll learn how to create zombie accounts, we'll
learn how to hire freelancers and how to
automate and scale our content production,
we'll even learn how to run successful competitions
and four different ways that we can make money on
Instagram with the account that we've grown.
Then, as the more astute of you have noticed, at the very
end we have all of the follow along lectures, where
you can follow me from 200 followers
all the way up to whatever we're at
now. Alright guys, with that being said,
I hope you enjoy the course.
If you already have an account, please be
smart about where you start the course.
If you already have an optimized profile and everything
like that, then you don't need to do the first
section. If you already know how to post,
then you don't need to do the posting section.
Pick where you feel comfortable and keep in mind,
you can always watch these videos at 2x playback
if you think you know some of the content.
Alright guys, with that being said,
I'm excited to present to you the Instagram course
that I've been working on for six months.
Alright, see you inside!